We're going to get an array of integers and we are trying to find out how many shifts in the array or
how many values in the array do we have to add so that we have a strictly increasing sequence from the
input.
So you'll see here with the values of 1 1 1.
None of those are strictly increasing so we'd have to have three shifts in value and it would count
the difference and so on and so forth.
And that's the number we're turning back as an integer.
So let's go ahead and dive into it a little bit.
All right.
So we have our set up here and what we have to really understand is what is it that we're trying to
call.
Well we're trying to get that one one one in our example of here to be 1 2 3 and we wanna know the difference
so if we could change each number to be increasing how many how many differences would there be essentially
at the end of day.
And so in our case it's going to be three right because this middle one here is going to become a two
sets one.
A great uptick in this ending one here would become a three and that's a nother uptick.
So we just have to write a now rhythm that would do that for us so let's let's get a variable in here
and win a set of equal to count.
And our goal here is our turn count after it has been added to.
For how many.
What the difference is for it to be increasing.
The next thing that we're going to do here is equal to zero while it is less than our input array length
plus plus.
All right.
So now that we have this what we really have to think about is what are we checking We're checking if
the second number is larger than our current number if the following number is larger than our fear
and our results like if statement to me.
And so our current numbers input array.
And we're saying if this is greater than or equal to because we're not saying we were saying it's increasing.
So it's the same value or or equal to.
Then the next number that we have an issue here.
This is where we need to make some calculations where we're saying look if this is a true statement
we need to adjust for count.
Now what are re-adjusting for count.
Well I define just a little constant variable here called difference and difference is going to be equal
to the input array current value plus 1 minus the input array
value added after it.
So if that's the case or so we're adding one to the value there then we're going to go ahead and reassign
the value in the array currently to I add the next value to the current value plus 1 meaning that a
one's going to come into a is going to become three.
In this instance we're actually going to modify the array here.
It's not the index value but actually add 1 to it like so.
And that needs to be input array and same thing here and now that we've done that what we're going to
do here is we're going to say count.
So now we're going to say is equal to the difference at the end of the day.
So we're going to add the difference there.
This will always be a positive number right because we've made this check here.
So we're saying hey at this difference because we need to add that to the count and then modify the
array so that it then the next one is only up by 1.
We've already taken in consideration the count and we're going to do the same for the other values at
the end.
Everything is as it should be for this.
I feel like my fortunes off a little.
There you go.
It took me a second to sort of wrap my mind around how I was going to deliver this.
But once I sort of understood was trying to do this part right here was probably the hardest part.
I got to here pretty easy and I find that happening quite a bit with algorithms as you are working your
way through.
Say you get two thirds of the way in the last third might be the part where you get into the numbers
little being like Oh man what's going on here.
But yeah.
So that was fun let's move the.